she's bold she's beautiful and she packs
one hell of a punch she's the newest
member of an impressive line of about
ready character classes that are so much
more than just a wrapper for your staff
say hello to Tara's stylish new class
the gunner whether you're an MMO pro or
just starting out the gunner let's bring
on the boom in spectacular fashion like
the sorcerer and the archer the gunner
is a mid-range dps specialist but unlike
the other two
she wears heavy armor there's no time
for subtlety when aiming that 400-pound
our cannon only time to smile
call down the apocalypse on the heads of
your enemies the gunner is no glass
cannon or nimble sniper
she's roving heavy artillery when
playing a gunner with strafe while
shooting rear a while rolling and
calling reinforcements on the fly every
kill she makes boosts her will power
meter idle hands however means that
willpower will close rapidly so keep
your gun up and let it rain sweet
vengeance on your enemies this will
charge your panic for three very special
skills first fire lets you carve a path
through the ward by unloading on
multiple enemies at once when your
willpower is high pull down the
burst-fire trigger and you'll keep
firing penetrating shots until your bar
is empty which may take a while because
you're still getting real power from
killing enemies when your willpower is
maxed out it's time for some real prime
bombardment will blanket any area you
select with explosive micro news that
both damage and stagger enemies
any enemies left standing that is once
the battle really heats up it's time to
open all cylinders with boulders benches
that's right you've got the full power
of the Sun at your fingertips and all
you have to do is aim the resulting
world bending wave of destruction
dissolves enemy ranks with an insane
amount of critical damage strap in boys
this beast has got
your will power meter is low it's time
to fill in the leg with scattershot a
useful skill for getting the attention
of enemies not only do its shots
penetrate but you'll gain willpower for
each successful hit by adding rolling
reload to this attack it both moves you
into position
all resets the cooldown on your scatter
shot so you can quick try and catch them
off-guard
the archanan isn't her only toy she
offers so many constructs to aid her in
battle the HP unit may look cute but
there's a lot of power packed inside
that little body its primary directive
is to heal the gunner and her allies at
close range but this guy does a lot more
than just follow you around when it's
time to teach those bad boys a lesson
command your HP to stay put take a jog
around the battlefield
it's your a recall command and you'll be
pulled straight back to your little
metal friends now it's time to let them
bite your bullets he said there was such
a thing as too many guns some in the
esti construct for some multi-barrel
firepower that will mow down any target
within range the SC will give you extra
time to unleash big attacks and it
skills increase your willpower
one of the Gunners go to skills is
arcane barrage fire a pulse of energy to
power through your enemies then fire
another shot to detonate it the
resulting chaos is so much fun that your
HP unit will join in sending a volley of
bombs at the same spot constructs are
loyal to the end
better make it count both of them comes
standard with a self-destruct feature
you can activate
even if knocked down which stuns any
enemies the explosions don't kill the
gunner complements just about any party
but she's more than just a pretty face
wearing heavy armor means she can hold
her own on the frontlines but she can
also deal robing damage from anywhere on
the battlefield including next to the
healers while the tank will keep the big
boys occupied there's plenty of time for
the gunner to take out the trash she'll
throw out a turret and use blasts while
running this will not only clean up the
battlefield but also generate MP
power for her more powerful skills now
it's time to bring our HP in the heel
and cost and havoc with damage defense
and a bit of healing going on the mystic
is free to focus on keeping that tank
alive mess with the girl and you'll get
the gun watch out for the gunner in PvP
unlike a sorcerer or a mystic she wears
heavy armor while moving in position for
quick ranged attacks drop a turret as
soon as a fight starts and detonate it
whenever necessary use the scatter shot
rolling reload chain as often as you can
to avoid melee attacks user grenades and
time bombs to slow and stun opponents
time bombs damaging blast will not only
lift opponents into the air but also
generates a lot of real power so you can
finish them off right and if she's
coming at you mother have mercy you need
to lock her down what you need to do is
focus on stuns and interrupts and pray
to God you're not
ranch in the end you gotta love a girl
can stick to her guns the gunner offers
even more of Tara's unique action combat
no other MMO
allows you to aim dodge block and
destroy your opponents with such
satisfying results mama's got a brand
new bag time to lock and
for more information on the gunner check
out the website below